[Music]
God's name is going on in here
what was that ruckus I walked out about
an hour-and-a-half sleep over the past
three days and I'm still trying to
remain courteous watch your tongue young
man watch it
how are you I'm awesome why do you wear
your hair like that
right Alex the sexy push back Katie will
you please tell him is hair like sexy
push back we don't hit women down south
don't point your goddamn gun at me all
right oh okay sorry
bottom line what's the most amount of
cards you guys ever turned out in one
month back in Japan I wake up in the
morning covered in dog slime
I was about to protest because I was not
responsible for it
[Music]
[Applause]
can I put the fender back now please
[Music]
stuff people throw stuff at me sometimes
if they don't like me or something
greetings my excellent friend you fat
we've got an unlicensed gun
charge and then pending an investigation
was an accident
it's my experience that wives don't
accidentally shoot their husbands in the
penis Hamlet thou hast thy father much
offended do you have any idea what my
life is like oh come come you answer
with an idle tongue how could you let me
give up on my dreams like this I work on
Wall Street you know with the big
buildings and I live in an apartment
with a doorman and I can buy almost a
anything I want now I may not have
caught you in the act this time but you
can bet I will
[Music]